CDRIVER-5669 improve string function handling of large strings (#1696)
mongodb/mongo-c-driver: CONTRIBUTING.md

* `SINGLE_MONGOS_LB_URI=<string>` to a MongoDB URI with a host of a load balancer fronting one mongos.
* `MULTI_MONGOS_LB_URI=<string>` to a MongoDB URI with a host of a load balancer fronting multiple mongos processes.

To run test cases with large allocations, set:

> * `MONGOC_TEST_LARGE_ALLOCATIONS=on` This may result in unexpected errors on failure to allocate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `MONGOC_TEST_LARGE_ALLOCATIONS=on` This may result in sudden test suite termination due to allocation failure. Use with caution.
```

Clarify allocation failures (and resulting test suite behavior) are expected even if not intended.
